# v1.22.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-status -->
**Status**: Released
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-status -->

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-summary -->
This is a new minor release of the `alex-c-line` package. It introduces new features in a backwards-compatible way and should require very little refactoring, if any. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-summary -->

## Description of Changes

- Add a command to verify the release note without mutating it.
    - This is a good command to use in the CI process, just before we release it, to ensure that the release note for the version we intend to release is valid before we do release it.
- [That cursed `git clone` test](https://github.com/alextheman231/alex-c-line/commit/2bd0b68e1e4f74aa17a6e424e32b43308c3288c2) has also been refactored to be less cursed.

## Additional Notes

- Given that this change alters the release process just enough to break the existing `set-release-status-2` command, we need to do that thing where we use actions that references the local alex-c-line commands rather than the one from the registry.
- It's for such a trivial change as well - just because I introduced the `<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-status -->` tag and its corresponding end tag so we can get just the status easier. But that's enough to break validation because the previous implementation assumed the tag doesn't exist at all.
- However, the (hopefully) good news is, once this gets released, I don't think the GitHub Actions need changing further beyond that. I think it should just be a clean revert back to what's currently in the actions repository afterwards and we'd be good from there.
    - This is because `create-release-note-2` generates what's currently in the templates, and `set-release-status-2` validates against that. The problem with that for now is that this document was generated with `create-release-note-2`, but the GitHub Actions (before this gets published, anyway) would use `set-release-status-2` from the NPM registry, which would cause a mismatch.
    - As such, to get around this for this version publish, both must be local first so both reference the exact same templates. After that, the local templates and the live templates will be back in-sync again.
- Part of me feels like maybe release document changes in `alex-c-line` should be a separate pull request template category, because changing them does often end up breaking things if not handled carefully.
- In any case, this pull request does have [a commit](https://github.com/alextheman231/alex-c-line/commit/eeadb4613f1652a26e9d885a9cce7ce9c0f68ebf) that applies the local workflow changes, so in cases like this you can just reach for that (or revert the commit that reverts that commit) and you at least won't have to worry too much about re-implementing the publish workflows but locally in `alex-c-line` yourself.
