# v2.1.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: Released
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new minor release of the `alex-c-line` package. It introduces new features in a backwards-compatible way and should require very little refactoring, if any. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Remove the `template release-note migrate` command.
  - This was a temporary command introduced to help with the migration of release notes from v1 to v2.
  - Now that we are several weeks into v2, I will assume that most people have migrated onto v2 of `alex-c-line` by now, hence the removal of this temporary command.
  - Should you still need to use it, however, you may still do so by installing an earlier version and running it with that.
- Optimisations to the update messages.
  - The update notifications were delaying the initial command run by a few seconds every time.
  - I believe the reason for this is because we were doing an `await` on the update check in the CLI entrypoint every time, so we kept having to wait for that to complete first before the command could run.
  - As such, I have moved the check into a `setTimeout` that queues the check for after the initial command has run, so it doesn't block the initial command from running and can happen afterwards.
  - On top of that, we are also now fetching the latest version from the npm registry itself using a direct API request rather than going through `npm view`. This should be more performant as it's more or less what `npm view` does anyway but this will do it without the extra step of going through the CLI.
  - It also means that we no longer assume npm is installed on the user's machine (as we internally did `npm view`). Granted, you probably do have NPM installed if you are using this tool, however, we no longer rely on the slightly loose guarantee anymore.

## Additional Notes

- Update notifications can be tricky to test locally given the context required, but I have tried changing the version number to a previous version in this repository, then running `node dist/index.js` to run alex-c-line from here to see if it works, and the message did still show, and it showed where I expected it to!
- However, the thing I am curious about is whether that initial wait after the initial install will work. That's the type of thing I only really experience in production, and on first install only, so the local testing can't really verify that for me just yet.
- Note that the above uncertainty will at least not break things too badly. We do still swallow errors from update checks to ensure they are non-blocking, and worst-case is, the same initial wait will persist and I can investigate more afterwards. Best-case is, the initial wait is gone and my instinct about awaiting the updates was right!
- In any case, we shall see...
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
