# v2.5.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: Released
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new minor release of the `alex-c-line` package. It introduces new features and other backwards-compatible changes that should require little to no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Remove the `alex-c-line artwork save` command
  - It contains a `canvas` dependency that required a postinstall script to run.
  - The fact that it is a direct runtime dependency meant that users installing `alex-c-line` would also end up executing this if installing with NPM (PNPM users would at least block it until they have to approve it).
  - Especially after the Axios incident, associating ourselves with unnecessary postinstall scripts makes me uncomfortable, and the fact that my own tool requires this script to run as well adds an extra place in which we may bring in a vulnerability.

## Additional Notes

- This is only a minor change because the image it would generate otherwise is already part of this repository, so you can just reuse that.
- If you did want to access the logo straight from the source, you can still do so with `alex-c-line artwork log`.
- In either case, it is a very low-risk command that I imagine would not be involved in any serious workflow, so I will assume it is safe to remove as is.
- Usually I do get skeptical about random postinstall scripts getting brought into my work, but especially after the Axios incident, I would like to ensure that my dependencies are generally free from such scripts wherever possible.
- If a dependency requires a postinstall script, we should immediately question if it is worth bringing in the dependency at all and whether or not we should investigate an alternative, either by means of different dependency or even just in-housing the logic.
- This is true for any dependency, but ESPECIALLY for runtime dependencies, as it can result in our consumers also running the postinstall scripts of our dependencies, and suddenly we're responsible for those as well.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
