# v2.11.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: In progress
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new minor release of the `alex-c-line` package. It introduces new features and other backwards-compatible changes that should require little to no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Add a `template change-request create` command to create change request documents.
  - This works similarly to the release notes, except these may be used for unversioned projects where releases are triggered purely by merge into main.
  - It helps us to track reasons for the motivations for why manual deployments not triggered by pull request (e.g. workflow_dispatch) are needed.
  - A common example of this is editing environment variables in a hosted service, where the values of the variables are provided by the service and not the code itself.

## Additional Notes

- So... it's been a long week for me!
- For those wondering what the motivation for this is, I've been restructuring the way we handle deployments of my app, Lexicon, so that we now host it from AWS.
- It was certainly a lot more challenging than I thought it'd be - it took me from last Monday all the way to today being Saturday, so about 6 days!
- In any case, the motivation for this command is that I do often change the environment variables in HCP Terraform, and this change is not really one I can make visible in the repository itself as it's done by external service. As such, we have this command that allows us to document this change.
- The idea is to then use this command in a GitHub Actions workflow on workflow_dispatch, where the reason is provided in the workflow_dispatch input.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
