# v2.2.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: Released
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new minor release of the `alex-c-line` package. It introduces new features in a backwards-compatible way and should require very little refactoring, if any. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Add an `internal media generate` command for use in my media repository.
    - As of now, the Manim CLI only really supports generating the media files for a single file.
    - However, for my use case, it would be a lot better if we could instead generate the media for all Python files in a given directory.
    - As such, I have created my own internal command that wraps around the Manim CLI and recursively invokes it with each file in a directory.
    - Note that it is an internal command, so it is heavily tailored to my own setup as opposed to being a more general command for more general-purpose use.
    - This does feel like something that Manim could support themselves, so I don't think it is worth expanding what I currently have in case the good people who work on and maintain Manim would like to add support for this recursive media generation.

## Additional Notes

- What may I be using Manim for exactly, you may be asking?
- Well, there is a certain lyric video that I plan to release soon...
- That is all I'll say for now.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
