# v2.2.5 (Patch Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: In progress
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new patch release of the `alex-c-line` package. It fixes issues with the package and should require no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Allow the `internal media generate` command to take a direct path to a file as well as a directory.
    - Previously it only took a directory input, so giving it a path to a Python file directly would cause it to crash.
    - This change fixes that so that we can pass in a direct file path too.
    - This is especially helpful for debugging purposes so that we can target specific files rather than just full directories.
- Wrap the invocation of the Manim command in a try/catch so it can be converted to a program error rather than an ExecaError or DataError.
    - 

## Additional Notes

- This is still an internal command so should not affect anyone else's workflows.
- I have been experimenting with parallel command execution to attempt to allow us to run the commands in parallel, and I got relatively far but didn't quite manage to get it fully working just yet.
- When/if I do get it working, I may potentially take some of the logic for the `pre-commit` command so that certain pre-commit steps can be run in parallel (e.g. lint and test).
- That said, maybe one day in the future. As of now I'm mainly working on some lyric video stuff in the media repository and after that I'd like to focus more on Lexicon for a bit. However, when/if I have time in the future, I'll explore the parallel running thing a bit more.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
