# v1.33.5 (Patch Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-status -->
**Status**: In progress
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-status -->

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-summary -->
This is a new patch release of the `alex-c-line` package. It fixes issues with the package and should require no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-summary -->

## Description of Changes

- When writing the global cache file, add a new line to the end of the file.
    - I am picky.
    - I know we almost never look into the cache file directly, but it just bothers me not to have it there anyway.

## Additional Notes - v2 Preparation

- Just a heads up - I am going to pause ALL new features for `alex-c-line` until v2 comes out from this point on.
- The only time a new feature will be added is if it is needed in an emergency case to unblock something else (e.g. I needed the internal commands I added recently to unblock dependency updates).
- `alex-c-line` needs quite a bit cleanup as of now as it has quite a lot of legacy features still present that can make it harder to design new features around.
- I am aiming to release v2 by mid-March, and no later than the end of the month.
- This will give me a chance to control the surface area and really decide what we want to carry forward and continue supporting, and what really is just legacy and can be removed in favour of newer and better features.
- Fundamental changes to come include:
    - Consolidation of the dynamic config system (both private and public configs)
    - The caching system
    - Use of subcommands rather than the pure flat commands we have been using up to this point.
    - Removing deprecated features and tightening command names.
- With this new direction, I'm hoping to take `alex-c-line` from just another package that can be installed into a project into essentially its own mini-app that can be used anywhere you can use a terminal.
- Not only will it continue helping with my own tooling and infrastructure, it'll also have more project-agnostic commands that can improve the developer experience even in repositories that don't yet have `alex-c-line`.
- With all that said, keep an eye out on this space for more information!






















- ...did I really just add a new line to the cache just so I can make this announcement?
- The answer is no - I did actually want to fix that. Again, I am picky!
- Lack of ending new line in a file? Yeah, that's absolutely an emergency case right there, obviously!
