# v1.33.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-status -->
**Status**: Released
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-status -->

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-summary -->
This is a new minor release of the `alex-c-line` package. It introduces new features in a backwards-compatible way and should require very little refactoring, if any. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-summary -->

## Description of Changes

- Add an `internal` subcommand to the CLI.
    - This gives me a namespace for commands meant more for my own personal/internal usage.
    - These are likely to be things like personal aliases or quick patches for my own personal workflows.
    - Commands from here are not recommended to be used in production code as they may suddenly introduce breaking changes between minor/patch releases.
- Add an `outdated-dependencies` command to the `internal` subcommand.
    - This just acts as a simple wrapper around `pnpm outdated` to ensure that it doesn't fail if there are outdated dependencies.
    - I am keeping this as an internal command because as of now, it is only a simple wrapper and does not pass any extra arguments to `pnpm outdated`. As such, it is more for my own personal use.

## Additional Notes

- The `internal outdated-dependencies` command is expected to be used in my my `update-dependencies` workflow, so that we can use this command to get a table of all outdated dependencies and put it on the pull request that updates them.
- That will be helpful in case we pin dependency versions and so the pinned dependencies wouldn't get updated, but we still at least have a way of tracking exactly how out-of-date we are.
