# v1.11.0 (Minor Release)

**Status**: Released

This is a new minor release of the `alex-c-line` package. It introduces new features in a backwards-compatible way that should require very little refactoring, if any. Please read below the description of changes.

## Description of Changes

- Adds a `create-pull-request-templates` command.
    - This is helpful to have when setting up new repositories to ensure that the pull request templates are identical across all repositories.
    - This is not customisable for now and more tailored to my pull request template setup. You are free to use this in your own projects, but just bear in mind that it's mainly optimised for my workflow. Given that it only affects documentation, at least nothing will break horribly if I ever decide to change these slightly, but just be aware that changes may be possible sometimes.
    - If changes to the template do happen, I will document this in a release note, so best to keep your eyes on those, at least.

## Additional Notes
- Combined with the new infrastructure repository (which also needs this), setting up new GitHub repositories has now become a very quick task! All I need to do from this point on is create the repository itself with Terraform, then a lot of the file setup can be done fairly quickly with the help of a lot of my other packages and this command-line tool!
- I have pretty much recently been writing code to create the repositories that hold my code, which is incredibly meta and I love it!
