# v1.31.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-status -->
**Status**: Released
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-status -->

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-summary -->
This is a new minor release of the `alex-c-line` package. It introduces new features in a backwards-compatible way and should require very little refactoring, if any. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-summary -->

## Description of Changes

- Adds a basic `alex-c-line uuid generate` command.
    - It generates a random UUID using `node:crypto` and displays it in the terminal.
    - It's already a very useful command despite being simple as it can help give us a quick UUID to use in dev data, for example, without needing to context-switch to the browser.
    - In the future, I may look into clipboardy integration so that if you add a `--copy` flag, it automatically copies it to your clipboard.

## Additional Notes

- The most significant thing about this is the fact that it demonstrates the subcommand structure I would like to use more in v2.
- That is, we have the `uuid` command acting as a namespace for all UUID-related commands, and from there we can add things like `validate`, or even `v7` to generate, and potentially much more too.
- This structure would work especially well with the versioning commands, so we can then just do `alex-c-line version increment`, or `alex-c-line version format` etc.
- Also the templates too - that would become `alex-c-line template release-note create` or `alex-c-line template release-note check`, and so on.
- As of now, only the new `uuid` command follows this pattern, but I plan to move the others soon.
