# v1.32.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-status -->
**Status**: Released
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-status -->

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-summary -->
This is a new minor release of the `alex-c-line` package. It introduces new features in a backwards-compatible way and should require very little refactoring, if any. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-summary -->

## Description of Changes

- Add a `package-json no-pre-release-dependencies` command
    - This checks the `package.json` file of a given project and verifies that it contains no pre-release versions.
    - This is useful to have because pre-release versions generally signal that they are subject to change and not really something to rely on long-term.
    - By having this rule, it allows us to act and pin a stable version if the latest ever just so happens to be tagged to a pre-release for whatever reason.
- Also officially added Windows support (we run CI on a Windows runner).
    - All known issues of the Windows release have been caught and fixed in CI.
    - The only real issues spotted were related to:
        - CRLF vs LF (fixed by adding `.gitattributes` to the repository)
        - The `alexCLineTestClient` tagged template variant (fixed by changing the way we handle the strings and interpolations on that tagged template branch)
        - Some timeout issues, resolved by either setting a longer timeout or in the case of end-to-end, not running Windows on it.
    - None of the source code itself was broken, however, at least according to tests. So that's conforting to know!

## Additional Notes

- I am going to add the `no-pre-release-dependencies` thing to all repositories linting scripts so that it can be caught both locally and in CI.
- On top of that, I plan to eventually add a feature to the `update-dependencies` workflow that will run `npm outdated` and post a comment on the pull request it creates if there are any outdated dependencies (it can be possible to drift if certain dependencies are pinned).
- This will help to ensure that, once we see a stable version under that comment instead of a pre-release, we'd know right there to unpin it and let it update to said stable version. 
- All of this should make the information required to take action immediately available in the pull request, rather than needing to dig through more to figure out what to do.
