# v1.28.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-status -->
**Status**: Released
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-status -->

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-summary -->
This is a new minor release of the `alex-c-line` package. It introduces new features in a backwards-compatible way and should require very little refactoring, if any. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-summary -->

## Description of Changes

- Allow the pre-commit `stepRunner` to take options if needed
    - This will be needed in the GitHub Actions repository following the addition of the artwork section, so we can run the specific formatting and linting commands there.
    - Note that a current limitation with the typing of the `stepRunner` prevents us from being able to pass the options as the third argument like we can with the `alexCLineTestClient`.
    - This is because the `stepRunner` runs its steps using a version of the client that also pre-configures some options (specifically `{ stdio: "inherit", reject: false }`). That is, we inherit the logs from the current terminal context, and we don't error on failure so that we can instead handle failures in our own way rather than throw a native `ExecaError`.
    - Point is, the pre-configured options messes with the `Options` and `Result` types a little bit as it tries to append our additions to these types, but then that messes a bit with the type arguments.
    - As such, only `stepRunner({ cwd })("echo", ["Hello", "World"])`, for example, is supported, whereas `stepRunner("echo", ["Hello", "World"], { cwd })` is currently not.
    - This does not affect tagged template usage. You can still do stepRunner`echo ${"Hello World"}`, for example.

## Additional Notes

- Despite the known limitation, this should make the pre-commit hooks even more powerful now, as you can now run logic in other directories too as part of the pre-commits, without needing to manually do, say, `cd new-directory && pnpm run lint`.
- That said, at some point I do plan to fix the known limitation of the third argument, because ideally it should be supported. The function currying thing is ideally more of a power user feature, where they understand what it is and what the problem it's trying to solve is, whereas most users should be able to just do a single call and pass everything they need into the function once.
