# v1.13.0 (Minor Release)

**Status**: Released

This is a new minor release of the `alex-c-line` package. It introduces new features in a backwards-compatible way that should require very little refactoring, if any. Please read below the description of changes.

## Description of Changes

- Adds a `pre-commit` command to centralise pre-commits across all my repositories.
    - This is a really powerful new addition for me! It reduces the need to keep writing out the exact same bash file across all repositories, instead allowing us to abstract the logic behind it behind a single command that the Bash file can run.
    - The actual logic of the command is now implemented with TypeScript, which is a lot nicer than implementing it in Bash and gives us a lot more control over the logic.
    - You can disable the tests only (needed for the components repository which has no tests), with the `--no-tests` flag.

## Additional Notes

- Even though as of now, the logic is arguably more complex due to the need for `execaNoFail` (I actually need to refactor that to support template strings at some point), this still buys us a lot even now just being able to use one command to consistently have the exact same pre-commit script everywhere.
- Where it will really shine, though, is in v2 where we eventually get to the config file rewrites and different repositories (and even users if I implement a private config variant) can customise more precisely exactly which checks they want enabled/disabled without needing to provide flags all the time.
- That's especially helpful to have around in cases where you may be working with a group of developers that have different ideas on what exactly should be run. That way, different people can run different checks depending on preference (e.g. some only format, others only test etc.), but then the CI checks will always be the big 'catch-all' for everything.
- Also note that I don't test this command using automated tests. This is because it would be way too much effort and would take way too much time for very little gain. We'd have to set up a Git repository, install all relevant dependencies and set up the relevant commands just so we can be in a position to test it, and it would not really be that worth it in my opinion. It's not even clear what we'd be asserting for - that the files that got formatted did so in the exact way that Prettier formats it? How do you even do that?
- I have already tested this on the go live against this exact repository, so I know it works. I think it's probably best to leave it that way as well.
