# v1.29.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-status -->
**Status**: Released
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-status -->

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-summary -->
This is a new minor release of the `alex-c-line` package. It introduces new features in a backwards-compatible way and should require very little refactoring, if any. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-summary -->

## Description of Changes

- Re-implement update notifications to use our own in-house implementation.
    - Previously we were using `update-notifier`.
    - This has been changed so that we now handle this fully internally.
    - We now have a global cache which is saved in the appropriate cache directory per operating system.
        - As of now we use that to store when we last automatically checked for updates per current version of `alex-c-line`.
        - We only check again if 24 hours (or `24 * 60 * 60 * 1000` milliseconds, thanks JavaScript Date!) has passed since, to reduce redundant version checks where we can.
    - Eventually I am thinking of making this configurable with private config.
- Add a `cache-path` command.
    - As of now, it gets the path to the global cache mentioned above, and logs it to the console.
    - It's just a nice way to quickly access it if you're interested in what it looks like and/or you want to try debugging an issue with it.
    - You won't really need to do this in most cases, though, but it's there.
    - Eventually I'll add a `--global` and `--project` flag so you can choose to either get the path to the global cache or the project cache (the project cache is different and is used to store information that is more specific to the current code project).
- Disable caching by default in `use-local-package`
    - Caching is no longer a default in `use-local-package`. This ensures that the base version of the command is side-effect free and can be used across any projects, including ones that don't have `alex-c-line` installed as a dependency (please make them consider us, though!)
    - If you do want to opt into the version caching still, you will need to explicitly do so through the private config by setting:
    
    ```typescript
    export default {
        useLocalPackage: {
            enableCache: true
        }
    }
    ```
