# v2.6.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: In progress
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new minor release of the `alex-c-line` package. It introduces new features and other backwards-compatible changes that should require little to no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Remove the `encrypt-with-key` command
  - `libsodium-wrappers` was breaking `alex-c-line`, and the usual trick of pinning it to a known version did not work either, as all versions of it suddenly became unstable locally and in CI. Any attempts to pin it to a known version did not help either.
  - As such, I have made the decision to remove it entirely as it is only used in one command and it is not a command that is used frequently in my own workflows, and it is not worth blocking releases and other more useful commands over.

## Migration Notes

- Honestly, your best bet is just to recreate the logic yourself, as I don't intend to fully bring this back after removing it.
- The actual encryption logic is contained in my `@alextheman/utility` package, so you can refer to [the `encryptWithKey` logic here](https://github.com/alextheman231/utility/blob/c10b826b85b0ce01ec07f01dbe23c42e90b4d386/src/node/functions/security/encryptWithKey.ts)
- It will be removed from `@alextheman/utility` as well, as it does internally use this function and it does also break in utility as well, but the link I have copied is a link to the file under a stable commit hash so that will still be there even after removal.

## Additional Notes

- Yeah, it's been chaos in the organisation over the past two weeks, not gonna lie!
- First we had that initial release failure where we loosely pinned `@alextheman/utility` in this package and it changed the entrypoint of this exact `encryptWithKey` function, and that broke releases because `alex-c-line` references that function, but it brought in the breaking version of `@alextheman/utility` before it had a chance to fix it.
- In this case, however, `@alextheman/utility` and `alex-c-line` contains a breaking version of `libsodium-wrappers`, and pretty much any version I try to install it at does not work at all in CI or locally. This means that not only are releases broken, but pretty much every single package of mine does not work at all as of now (except maybe components as that does not use the Node entrypoint, although we can't release it because `alex-c-line` is broken).
- I am currently in the middle of trying to fix this, but it is not easy in the slightest as I need to unblock `alex-c-line` to get releases working, but that unblocking would be made so much easier if I could release `@alextheman/utility` first to remove `libsodium-wrappers`, except I can't as it relies on `alex-c-line` for its CI and its release process.
- The workaround for now is to use the `commit-version-change` workflow that uses the local `alex-c-line` to get a release out, and sidestep the `libsodium-wrappers` issue by overriding it with a noop dependency. This should be fine as we don't use any logic from it directly, and we've removed the places where it potentially may be used directly.
- I hope this works...
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
