# v1.23.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-status -->
**Status**: In progress
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-status -->

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-summary -->
This is a new minor release of the `alex-c-line` package. It introduces new features in a backwards-compatible way and should require very little refactoring, if any. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-summary -->

## Description of Changes

- Refactor the Execa helpers so that they fully support tagged template functions.
    - The old global Execa function creators have been removed because they are redundant. We can actually call `execa(options)` and that already provides us with a new Execa client with the default options applied. Honestly a very neat pattern, I wish I knew sooner.
- Allow the `stepRunner` in the pre-commit config to also be used as a tagged template function.
    - This allows the command being run to read more like an actual command, as opposed to feeling split up.
    - Furthermore, the `stepRunner` now also returns the results of the command, in case you need to assert against the exit code, for example.
- Fix a bug with `useLocalPackage` where a lack of dependencies in the presence of devDependencies (or vice-versa) meant that we get an error.
    - The defaults passed to `parseZodSchema` are now just an empty object, so it will not error anymore if it can't find the dependency group.
    - This was needed in my Infrastructure repository, where we have devDependencies but not dependencies (since it's a Terraform project and does not need runtime dependencies).
    - We do still do validation either way afterwards to verify that the package we are looking for is present in `package.json`, so we still error in that case (as we should).

## Additional Notes

- Testing `use-local-package` locally is a fiddly one.
- In this case, it was difficult to test this specific command locally as the currently live version had a bug that meant I couldn't use it in my Infrastructure repository.
- I still haven't really tested if it works yet, so I'm not 100% sure, but I am at least 99% sure. All it does is just provide a sensible default to prevent it from crashing - surely it won't break all of `alex-c-line`, right?
- After all, the tests and linting checks are passing, so what's the worst that could happen?
