# v1.23.2 (Patch Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-status -->
**Status**: In progress
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-status -->

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-summary -->
This is a new patch release of the `alex-c-line` package. It fixes issues with the package and should require no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-summary -->

## Description of Changes

- Refactor the `alexCLineTestClient`
    - The old test client used to only support the `(command, args, options)` argument pattern, which is the most surface-level way to invoke Execa.
    - However, I have now brought it more in-line with Execa conventions more generally, allowing it to support the tagged template form:
     
    ```typescript 
    alexCLineTestClient`increment-version ${versionNumber} major`
    ```

    or even the options pattern (replacing `createAlexCLineTestClient`):

    ```typescript
    alexCLineTestClient({ cwd: temporaryPath })`create-release-note`
    ```

    - This helps to make the experience of writing tests with the test client pretty much identical to the experience of using Execa, with the only difference being that the test client always runs the `alex-c-line` entrypoint.
- The old `createAlexCLineTestClientInDirectory` has been replaced with the `setDirectory` helper, which can be passed into the `alexCLineTestClient` as an option argument. Example:

```typescript
alexCLineTestClient(setDirectory(temporaryPath))`create-release-note`
```

- This may be preferred over simply just setting `cwd` because it also configures the HOME environment variable to be one directory lower than the current directory.
    - This can be useful in cases where you may want to test the `alex-c-line` private configuration behaviour when it is at the home directory/user root.

## Additional Notes

- This change should only really affect the tests and have no impact on the source code, hence why this is only a patch and not a minor.
- I just decided to make this a release because the work done here does still feel substantial enough to release, but that said, no extra changes have been made to the source code.

