# v1.26.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-status -->
**Status**: Released
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-status -->

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-summary -->
This is a new minor release of the `alex-c-line` package. It introduces new features in a backwards-compatible way and should require very little refactoring, if any. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-summary -->

## Description of Changes

- Fixes an issue where `prepareScript` in the `use-local-package` private config is optional but we didn't account for that.
    - I think previously it would've crashed without a prepare script as it'd have tried to run `pnpm run undefined`, for example, which would error most of the time unless you have a script named `undefined`.
    - This has been changed so that the prepare script only runs if there is a prepare script.
- Adds support for a cache file so that when we reverse the local package usage, we restore the previous version.
    - Previously it would've always tried to get the latest version, as we'd have lost access to the old version range.
    - This changes that so that we now restore the previous range, and default to latest if it could not be saved.
    - **IMPORTANT:** If you are using this command in a Git repository, you **MUST** now add the `.alex-c-line` directory to `.gitignore`. The cache file contained in this folder (along with any other file I may put in there in the future) may differ between users and is generated automatically by `alex-c-line`. Keep this directory out of version control to avoid noisy diffs and potential local directory path leakage.

## Additional Notes

- Note that the version caching will NOT work with `file:`, `link:` etc. as of now. Only pure version ranges are supported for the time being.
- Support for this will be added in a future update.
