# v1.25.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-status -->
**Status**: In progress
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-status -->

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-summary -->
This is a new minor release of the `alex-c-line` package. It introduces new features in a backwards-compatible way and should require very little refactoring, if any. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-summary -->

## Description of Changes

- Adds an `edit-env-file` interactive command.
    - This is especially good in cases where you may be screen sharing and need to edit a `.env` file, but you don't want to risk exposing secrets.
    - The interactive editor allows you to add, edit, or delete environment variables from a `.env` file, hiding the values as appropriate.
    - You can keep editing environment variables for as long as you need, until you choose the `Exit editor` option.
    - You can also specify exactly which `.env` file you would like to edit using the `--file` flag.

## Additional Notes

- As of now, the `--interactive` flag is enabled by default. This will change in a future update so that you provide the variables you wish to edit directly from the command-line on invocation.
- All environment variables are also currently being treated as sensitive by default. This will also change in a future update so that you can opt out of sensitivity in the `alex-c-line.config.js` file for environment variables you know for a fact are not sensitive (e.g. `NODE_ENV`).
