# v2.12.2 (Patch Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: In progress
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new patch release of the `alex-c-line` package. It includes small, non-breaking changes and should require no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Fix issues with the dollar sign causing issues with `template release-note set-status`.
  - If the document being edited already contained a dollar sign, there is a chance the replacement can bug out due to JavaScript's `.replace()` treating it as a special character.
  - This bug was initially noticed when `@alextheman/utility` tried to edit [release note v5.24.0](https://github.com/alextheman231/utility/pull/623/changes), and one of the characters in that release note was a dollar sign in backticks, which was interpreted weirdly and therefore failed CI on main.
  - The fix for this is to provide a callback function to `replace` and `replaceAll`, so it uses the direct value from that rather than the parsed string if a string is given directly.

## Additional Notes

- For obvious reasons I cannot actually mention the character that broke the release note in utility because the fix has not been merged at the time of writing this document and so it would break this one too.
- It is difficult, but hopefully after this gets merged, the symbol that shall not be named will no longer cause problems in release notes.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
