# v2.0.0 (Major Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: In progress
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new major release of the `alex-c-line` package. It has the potential to introduce breaking changes that may require a large amount of refactoring. Please read the description of changes and migration notes below for more information.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
### Subcommand Pattern

- Refactor to use the subcommand pattern where appropriate.
    - Most flat commands have been grouped under structured subcommand namespaces (e.g. `version`, `template release-note`, `package-json`). Please update your scripts according to the migration notes.

### Package.json checks

- Add a `check` subcommand to `package-json` group and allow it to take a comma-separated list of rules under the `--rules` flag
    - As of now, we support doing `alex-c-line package-json check --rules no-pre-release-dependencies,no-file-dependencies`
    - More rules will be added in the future, alongside config support to allow you to specify the exact rules you would like to enable.

### Release Note Changes

- Add a `user-editable-section-<start|end>` markdown comment to the user editable section.
    - This not only makes it clearer for the users editing the document, but it also plays better with our automation.
- Change the existing `alex-c-line-<start|end>-release-status` and `alex-c-line-<start|end>-release-summary` comments to instead be `alex-c-line-release-status-<start|end>` and `alex-c-line-release-summary-<start|end>`
    - Putting the `start|end` at the end of the comment plays better with a newly added internal helper (`createMarkdownCommentPair`), and therefore our automation as a whole.
- None of the above changes requires you to refactor previous release notes, although future release notes (and any currently in progress) must be re-generated to make use of the new markdown comment headers.

### Config Changes

- The JSON config is now gone for good.
    - Goodbye, `alexCLineConfigJSON = "{}"`!
    - I honestly can't believe that was still part of the codebase.
    - All that actual config parsing and dynamic config and caching stuff we recently introduced, yet `git-post-merge-cleanup` still did... that.
- The dynamic config schemas have been refactored slightly to match with the new subcommand pattern. More information under the migration notes.

### Pull Request Template Changes

- Add an `internal_change` pull request category to the `general` pull request template group.
    - This one is for changes to internal features that are technically accessible if you know where they are, but are not recommended for public usage.
    - Examples include: 
        - The `internal` subcommand from `alex-c-line`.
        - The `@alextheman/utility/internal` entrypoint from utility.
        - The `internal` config group in ESLint plugin.

### `local-package use` (previously `use-local-package`)

- Log information about the prepare script before executing it.
- Remove the experimental header - it is a usable command now and is no longer experimental.

### General Changes

- Change program errors to be exit code 2 instead of exit code 1 where appropriate.
    - Exit code 1 will now be for more generic errors (e.g. thrown by `DataError` or even regular `Error`), whereas exit code 2 represents more logical domain errors. (e.g. release note checking failures)
    - This separation is better for automation and makes it clearer exactly which errors are expected as a result of the command, and which are unexpected due to configuration issues etc.

## Migration Notes

### Subcommand Group Changes

- Change any scripts relying on the following commands:

#### Package.json checks

- `alex-c-line check-for-file-dependencies` -> `alex-c-line package-json check --rules no-file-dependencies`
- `alex-c-line package-json no-pre-release-dependencies` -> `alex-c-line package-json check --rules no-pre-release-dependencies`

#### Versioning

- `alex-c-line increment-version` -> `alex-c-line version increment`
- `alex-c-line get-version-type` -> `alex-c-line version type`
- `alex-c-line get-major-version` -> `alex-c-line version format --no-minor`
- `alex-c-line get-minor-version` -> `alex-c-line version format --no-patch`

#### Release notes

- `alex-c-line create-release-note-2` -> `alex-c-line template release-note create`
- `alex-c-line check-release-note` -> `alex-c-line template release-note check`
- `alex-c-line migrate-release-notes` -> `alex-c-line template release-note migrate`[^1]
- `alex-c-line set-release-status-2` -> `alex-c-line template release-note set-status`

#### Pull Request Templates

- `alex-c-line create-pull-request-template` -> `alex-c-line template pull-request create`

[^1] Will be removed as part of a minor release after this initial v2 release. Will be kept in initial v2 to give people a chance to migrate the release note directory structure.

#### Artwork

- `alex-c-line artwork` -> `alex-c-line artwork log`
- `alex-c-line artwork --save-png <filePath>` -> `alex-c-line artwork save <filePath>`

#### General

- `alex-c-line cache-path` -> `alex-c-line cache path`
- `alex-c-line update --check` -> `alex-c-line update check`
- `alex-c-line edit-env-file` -> `alex-c-line env-file edit`
- `alex-c-line pre-commit-2` -> `alex-c-line pre-commit`
- `alex-c-line use-local-package` -> `alex-c-line local-package use`

### Config Changes

- Instead of `createPullRequestTemplate` in the public config, you should now use `template.pullRequest`.
- Instead of `useLocalPackage` in the private config, you should now use `localPackage`.
- In both of the above cases, only the config key has been renamed. The schema itself is exactly the same.
- No changes to the `preCommit` config in either the private or public configs.
  
## Internal Commands

- The following commands have been moved to the `internal` subcommand group, meaning that it is not recommended for usage in production anymore:
    - `alex-c-line git-post-merge-cleanup`
    - `alex-c-line check-lockfile-version-discrepancy`

## Removals

- `alex-c-line check-version-number-change`:
    - This has been removed for good as it is no longer aligned with my current workflows and practices.
    - Version number changes in my repositories now happens at the `commit-version-change` workflow, which changes the version number, releases the release note, and puts up a pull request for it. It is no longer a requirement for every pull request to have a version number change, hence this requirement has been dropped along with support for it.
- `alex-c-line create-pull-request-templates`:
    - Has been replaced with `alex-c-line template pull-request create`
- `alex-c-line create-release-note`:
    - Has been replaced with `alex-c-line template release-note create`
        - **NOTE:** You will also need to run `alex-c-line template release-note migrate` if you’re still using this command. This will change your directory from `docs/releases/<major|minor|patch>/vX.Y.Z.md` to `docs/releases/vX/vx.Y/vX.Y.Z.md`.
        - Future releases may allow you to customise the base path so that instead of `docs/releases`, you can configure the base to be whatever you want (e.g. just releases), but the `vX/vX.Y/vX.Y.Z.md` will not be changeable.
- `alex-c-line edit-env`:
    - Has been replaced with `alex-c-line env-file edit`
    - This is an interactive command as of now. Future releases will bring back the static command with option flags and arguments.
- `alex-c-line pre-commit`:
	- The legacy `alex-c-line pre-commit` implementation has been removed. The newer `alex-c-line pre-commit-2` implementation is now the canonical `alex-c-line pre-commit` command.
- `alex-c-line set-release-status`:
    - Has been replaced with `alex-c-line template release-note set-status`.
    - Same note applies here as with `alex-c-line create-release-note`.

## Additional Notes

- This is it now! My most ambitious release note to date!
- I've been building this release up for the longest time, and now we're finally ready!
- This marks a new era for `alex-c-line`, where it starts feeling less like just a personal tool and more like a general tool that I encourage others to use (but is still biased towards my personal usage...)
- In any case, please do feel free to try it out in your own projects and let me know if you have any feedback! We are constantly looking to build upon and improve the tool, and any feedback you can give to help with this will be very much appreciated.
- With all that said, let's round off with the new official `alex-c-line` theme song! I hope you enjoy.

[Link coming soon!]

<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
