# v2.0.1 (Patch Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: Released
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new patch release of the `alex-c-line` package. It fixes issues with the package and should require no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Polish up some of the error displays.
    - This includes using the error prefix `❌ ERROR:` more often, especially with program errors.
    - It also fairly recently got abstracted out into its own variable, allowing it to change in one place while all other `program.error` messages benefit.
    - The general philosophy behind the error handling in `alex-c-line`, as a refresher, is:
        - Throw a program error with exit code 1 for unexpected command error - the command tried to do something but couldn't do it for reasons outside its control (e.g. tried running a command that assumes we're in a Git repository, but it could not find it.)
        - Throw a program error with exit code 2 for expected command error - the command failed for reasons it can justify (e.g. invalid release note, rule violation of `package-json check`)
        - Throw a DataError for environmental/configuration errors (e.g. invalid `alex-c-line` config, invalid `package.json`...)
- Polish the README
    - Correct the path to the artwork.
        - It has been moved to `media/alex-c-line.png` instead of `artwork/alex-c-line.png`
    - Correct references to outdated commands and config options.

## Additional Notes

- Not necessarily related to this release specifically, but it is so much nicer now being able to write the release note content within a nicely visible comment block!
- It just makes it so much clearer exactly where the boundaries are and reduces the potential of someone potentially accidentally editing something they shouldn't.
- And of course, the biggest win of the editable section markers is that `alex-c-line` can more easily get the exact contents from them, which actually allows it to more easily reconstruct the document with the new status rather than rely on a hacky regex. It's so much nicer that way and reduces the risk of editing the release status elsewhere in the document.
- I think it's also not too dissimilar from how formatters tend to format code, in that they take the general structure of the code and then try re-generating it from scratch, allowing it to preserve the general structure/semantics of it while just making it look nicer.
- With that said... markdown formatting for `alex-c-line` v3 anyone?
    - ~~just kidding. unless...~~
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
