# v1.19.0 (Minor Release)

**Status**: In progress

This is a new minor release of the `alex-c-line` package. It introduces new features in a backwards-compatible way that should require very little refactoring, if any. Please read below the description of changes.

## Description of Changes

- Turns the internal `packageConfig` into a function rather than an object
    - This allows us to define per repository which pre-commit scripts we run, while settling on build, format, lint, and test as the default.
    - It's a breaking change for my use case, but because the rest of you should not be using the internal configs, it shouldn't be breaking for the rest of you.
- Fixes a bug in the config types.
    - Previously the pre-commit steps was typed as `ScriptName[] | [ScriptName, PreCommitStepOptions][]` instead of `(ScriptName | [ScriptName, PreCommitStepOptions])[]`, and hence you would not have been able to have both the tuple and the string itself in the same array. This fixes that and also...
- Allows a function to be used in the pre-commit config steps array.
    - This function allows you to run any extra JavaScript logic you want as part of another step. It also provides you with the step runner as an argument so you can run commands as well. It will always be run from your current working directory and there is no way to change this.
    - You call it as `stepRunner(command, args)`, where the command is a string, and the args is an array of strings to pass as arguments to the command. There is no options argument here, which is intentional so that commands are always run from the repository root with default settings to reduce the risk of accidental side effects.
    - In the future, I plan to refactor this so that it can take in a template string, but for now, this is how we call it.

## Additional Notes

- It can be very difficult trying to track everything I did in a single pull request in `alex-c-line` nowadays due to the complexity of some of the commands.
- A single command may require editing things beyond just the command contents and potentially include config changes as well, for example.
- Fortunately the commit history helps (and you can generally refer to the commits in the pull request associated with the release notes if you need to see precise changes), but the amount of changes can still be pretty large at times!
- In general, I'd say try and treat the release notes more as a summary of the most important changes, rather than a full log of every single detail that changed. You can always look at individual commits in a pull request if you're interested in the details, but ideally release notes should be a high-ish level overview, I think.
