# v1.18.0 (Minor Release)

**Status**: Released

This is a new minor release of the `alex-c-line` package. It introduces new features in a backwards-compatible way that should require very little refactoring, if any. Please read below the description of changes.

## Description of Changes

- Adds a `create-pull-request-template` (aliased as `create-pull-request-template-2`) to replace `create-pull-request-templates`
    - This command broadens up the pull request templates by providing different ones for the Infrastructure repository (by doing `--category infrastructure`). 
    - You can also configure exactly what category of pull requests you are getting from the `alex-c-line.config.js` file, as well as provide some additional arguments to replace some of the template placeholders.
- Move the pull request templates to a separate `templates` folder.
    - This is so much better than storing stringly-typed Markdown directly in the source code!
    - All that's left now is to work on doing the same for the release notes and then we can finally format all Markdown files!

## Migration Notes

- Use the `create-pull-request-template` command instead of `create-pull-request-templates`.
- It should still work as intended even without the additional arguments (`category` should default to `"general"`), but if you really want to be sure, you can explicitly set:

```typescript
const alexCLineConfig = {
    createPullRequestTemplate: {
        category: "general",
        projectType: "package",
    },
}
```

in your config, or run the command with `--category general --project-type package`.


## Additional Notes

- This command took me pretty much an entire day to do!
- Never underestimate this 'simple' command-line tool - it is probably the most ambitious package I have with all its config/file system integrations, and even CI integrations as well (I do expect to be using this in an automated GitHub Action to automatically keep my templates up-to-date)!
