# v2.3.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: Released
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new minor release of the `alex-c-line` package. It introduces new features in a backwards-compatible way and should require very little refactoring, if any. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Amend the release summary in the patch release note to have a broader scope.
    - It now includes any "small, non-breaking change" rather than just "fixes issues".
    - This is better as it also now includes things like pure documentation changes, which is particularly becoming increasingly common in utility and components especially.
- Note that earlier release notes will not be affected by this change. However, if you currently have a patch release note that is currently in progress as of now, you will need to re-generate it so you get the new message.
- This re-generation as of now will have to be done by copying the editable section into a different temporary file, then pasting it back in. Eventually I will add a `template release-note regenerate` command that re-generates the alex-c-line controlled parts while keeping the editable section intact, but the work for this may be relatively large so I would like to save that for another time.

## Additional Notes

- Also planned for the future in terms of the release notes are the following:
    - The summary will be able to be customised per user, so it just falls back to the default but users will be able to customise the message to better align with their project's use case.
    - Template re-generation is also planned, as mentioned earlier.
    - The `template release-note check` command may also gain a `--strict-summary` flag (and the corresponding `--no-strict-summary` flag) to control whether the release summary must match exactly what it is in the templates (or the config when customisable) in order for it to be considered valid. If `--no-strict-summary` was passed, we can just check that the release summary is present without checking exact contents. Otherwise, we also validate the contents against the template, as we currently do.
- Note that none of the above has been implemented yet and are instead future plans for a later release.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
