# v1.27.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-status -->
**Status**: Released
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-status -->

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-summary -->
This is a new minor release of the `alex-c-line` package. It introduces new features in a backwards-compatible way and should require very little refactoring, if any. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-summary -->

## Description of Changes

- Adds an `update --check` command.
    - This will allow users to check whether their current version of `alex-c-line` is up-to-date or not.
    - If not, it will log the usual update notification prompting users to update their version of `alex-c-line` and exit with exit code 2.
    - If it is, it will display a simple message saying you're up-to-date and what the current version is.
    - `update --apply` will follow soon.

## Additional Notes

- It feels a bit clunky to me to have to try and compress the error into a single exit code.
- HTTP error codes I don't mind too much as I feel like they're fairly agreed upon and have well-defined meanings, but CLI error codes feel a lot more ambiguous to me.
- Like, what does exit 1 **mean** exactly? It can differ drastically depending on the program. Whereas HTTP error code 404, I think we can all agree that it means the resource was not found.
- Also, exit 0 is literally the only success code there is. How would you communicate, say, 'this command succeeded but applied some side-effects' with an exit code, as opposed to 'this command succeeded and applied no side effects' (e.g. we successfully created a release note vs we successfully determined that we don't need to create a release note)? You can't really, despite the fact that this would be INCREDIBLY useful in MANY areas of `alex-c-line`!
- Anyway, for `alex-c-line` going forward, I am going to settle on this pattern.
    - Exit 0 catches ALL successes. I don't love that, but that's what we must do.
    - Exit 1 catches boundary errors. That is, generic errors that are out of our control (e.g. configuration errors, command errors etc.)
    - Exit 2 catches expected errors within the context of the command. For example, `update --check` is expected to throw an error if your version is outdated.
- This does mean that we will have to refactor every single improper usage of exit code 1 throughout the entirety of the codebase, but I also think it's something worth doing in preparation for v2 anyway as it will make using these commands in scripts a lot nicer and more predictable overall.
- This will be happening across the next few releases, so I'd say it's safe to assume that whenever an update touches a command from now on, you can also assume that I have changed the error code semantics to align with the above.
