# v2.4.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: In progress
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new minor release of the `alex-c-line` package. It introduces new features in a backwards-compatible way and should require very little refactoring, if any. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Edit the minor release note summary to have a broader scope.
    - This allows for things like deprecations to also be accounted for in the summary.
    - This will only be a breaking change if you currently have a minor release note with an `In progress` status (it will fail on `alex-c-line template release-note check` otherwise and may interfere with your release process).
        - If this applies to you, you must copy the contents of the editable section as of now, then re-generate it and paste it back.
        - If this does not apply to you, no need to worry about it - it should be safe to update alex-c-line as is.

## Additional Notes

- Note that this release note must have the old summary for now in order to pass the validation in my GitHub Actions, as alex-c-line in the actions uses whatever's on the NPM registry as of now.
- However, after this release note, all minor release notes will use the new summary from that point forwards.
- Although I do sometimes just amend the entire release workflows on changes to the release notes to temporarily use the local alex-c-line just to get the release out, I don't think it's worth it for such a small summary change.
- It absolutely was worth it for the v2 release note as that was a very substantial change, but for this it probably isn't.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
